swimming in Rome after
difficult beginnings French Frédérick
bousquet has given us the best
this afternoon on 50 m freestyle in
qualifying for the final with his
friend amaury leveaux they were
slender side by side in the second half
final amaury leveaux who signs him the
3rd time it must be said that at 28 years
frédérick bousquet specialist in the 50's
started with his first medal on a
very big appointment by picking up
yesterday bronze on 100 m free
beautiful images in perspective to come
still christophe duchiron frédéric
bazille at 18:45 frédérick bousquet was
presented waving arms
the French responded by waving
flags and his opponents waving
the fingers so we had to make a
band of restless it was the second half
final of the 50 m freestyle a pure
sprint events where competitors get
start at hundredths
bousquet najet in power five with to
his sides the fearsome Brazilian Caesar
cielo the 50 m is the kind of test
that goes so fast that none of the
swimmers does not have time to admire the
landscape
you have to be thorough at first and if you
can say accelerate until the arrival the
first thing these books do
even though they hit the wall it's
turn around to look at the painting
of display which is first which is
eliminated bousquet already recordman of the world
of distance is right now the
shape of the big days
he qualified with the best
time for the final is it going seconds
and 21 hundredths
it's a trick to the best account that
I've never had a big date
you international
so for me it is they are
positive conscious and before
for me I'm pretty much at home
perfection frédérick bousquet sharing
for seven years his training time
between marseille and the united states where the
americans call it freddy heel it to
auburn in alabama and in may
last he was going to run a meeting in
the city of charlotte
all this under the eye of the huge michael
phelps and his French fiancée
manaudou laure
short life is beautiful I can take
of the decline compared to the day before at
the event I also tell myself that I
guess below that my life either
on this competition is to take
pleasure above all yesterday on 100 m
freestyle frédérick bousquet has been
bronze medal
tomorrow in the final 50 meters we can
think that manaudou will be very
close to the man